Fix file directory preferences not respected (#8429)
JabRef/jabref: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed

> - We fixed an issue where the preferences for "Linked files" ignored the setting "search and store files relative to library file location" when the main file directory setting was non-empty [#8385](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/issues/8385)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We fixed an issue where the preferences for "Search and store files relative to library file location" where ignored when the "Main file directory" field was not empty [#8385](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/issues/8385)
```
